[Applause]
I'll hold the road like this [ __ ] tight
pants and fast cars don't make you
Batman Mike
[Applause]
get me the [ __ ] out of this car we got
more time behind us than in front that
please I'm gonna be running down
criminals till I'm 100 not we under tire
this time we be good men
[ __ ] wants to sing that song fine I'll
put you on a new team you're working
with mo now okay mo is a high school
musical boy band wit gun you look great
grandpa so you're that guy there's
always one right up til there's not
that's what I like teamwork
the definition of
Marcus somebody's trying to kill me who
wants to kill you I don't trust a person
that don't want to kill he'll put my
name up thanks a lot we got it Marcus we
appreciate it
but family is the only thing that
matters so I'm not letting you go on a
suicide mission alone one last time one
last time
Oh
[Music]
where the hell are you getting all these
helicopters
oh this is my wife's car cover the front
door she knows he always knows
you